{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Landing Page \line Key sections in the layout:\par
Hero: Likely a banner or introductory section that highlights key information or promotions.\par
FeaturedProducts: Displays featured products, possibly with images and prices, to catch the user's attention.\par
LatestProject: Shows the most recent project or updates.\par
NewsletterAndBlog: Includes sections for subscribing to a newsletter and browsing blog posts or updates.\line Structure:\par
Section Layout:\par
The section is wrapped in a container with padding for spacing. It displays a heading and a grid of products below it.\par
Grid Layout:\par
The products are displayed in a responsive grid. On smaller screens, it displays one product per row. On medium (md) screens, it shows two products per row, and on larger screens (lg), four products per row.\par
Product Card:\par
Each product is contained within a Card component, and the product information is styled with padding and text alignment.\par
Inside each product card, there is an image, a hoverable action button (for shopping cart, wishlist, or search), product name, color options, product code, and price.\par
Hover Actions:\par
\par
The hover actions (shopping cart, heart, search) are initially hidden (opacity-0) and appear only when the user hovers over the product card (group-hover:opacity-100).\par
Product Colors:\par
\par
Each product has color options displayed as small colored circles.\par
Customization/Enhancements:\par
Dynamic Data: You can extend this with additional product data like description, categories, or ratings.\par
Button Functionality: The buttons for cart, wishlist, and search can be wired up to their respective functionalities (e.g., adding to cart, adding to wishlist, or opening a modal for product details).\par
Responsive Design: The grid layout is fully responsive, adjusting automatically based on screen size.\par
\par
\par
\b [Frontend (Next.js)]  --->  [Sanity CMS]  ---> [Backend (API)]  ---> [Database]\par
      |                               |\par
      |                               v\par
      v                           [3rd Party APIs]\par
[Static Assets (e.g., Images)] \line\line\line\b0 Breakdown of Components:\par
Frontend (Next.js):\par
This is the core of your application, which handles the user interface and client-side logic. It fetches data from Sanity CMS, the Backend API, and 3rd party APIs to render dynamic content such as products, blogs, and project details.\par
Features:\par
Product Grid: Fetches product data and displays it.\par
Contact Us Page: Provides a form for users to get in touch.\par
Homepage: Renders Hero, Featured Products, Latest Projects, and Newsletter sections.\par
Product Detail Page: Displays detailed product information.\par
Sanity CMS:\par
A headless content management system that stores and manages content such as products, blogs, pages, etc.\par
Features:\par
Product Information: Manages product details like name, price, description, and images.\par
Blog Posts: Manages content for blog posts (if any).\par
Pages: Manages content for static pages like About Us, Contact Us, etc.\par
Backend (API):\par
\par
The backend API serves as the interface between your Next.js frontend and other systems, including the database or third-party services.\par
Features:\par
User Authentication: Handles user login/signup, potentially through JWT or other methods.\par
Order Management: Handles the shopping cart, order creation, and checkout.\par
Dynamic Data Handling: Fetches dynamic data such as prices, stock, and special offers from the database or 3rd party APIs.\par
\par
\par
Database:\par
Stores your application data like user information, product data, orders, etc.\par
Examples of databases include MongoDB, PostgreSQL, or MySQL.\par
3rd Party APIs:\par
\par
These are external services integrated into your system, such as payment gateways, shipping APIs, or product recommendations.\par
Features:\par
Payment Gateway: Handles transactions for order checkout.\par
Shipping API: Provides real-time shipping costs and delivery estimates.\par
External Product API: Fetches external product data or recommendations.\par
Static Assets (e.g., Images):\par
\par
Images, icons, and other static assets used in your frontend are stored either in your project or via an external service like a CDN.\par
This can include product images, logos, and other media used in the application.\par
Data Flow:\par
Frontend (Next.js) communicates with:\par
\par
Sanity CMS to fetch content like product details, blog posts, and other structured content.\par
Backend API to manage user sessions, orders, and other dynamic content.\par
3rd Party APIs for external data such as payment processing or shipping.\par
Backend (API) interacts with:\par
\par
Database for storing and fetching user orders, product info, and other business data.\par
3rd Party APIs for payment processing and shipping information.\par
Sanity CMS provides dynamic content that is rendered on the frontend of the application, like products and blog posts.\line\line\par
Suggestions for Improvement:\par
Product Data:\par
\par
You can integrate product data dynamically from a CMS or API instead of using a static array. For instance, fetching products from Sanity CMS or a database could make this component more flexible.\par
Accessibility:\par
\par
Adding more accessibility features, such as aria-label attributes to buttons and images, would improve the overall user experience.\par
Styling:\par
\par
If you plan on using a design system, consider creating reusable components (e.g., ProductCard, HoverActions) to make the code more maintainable.\par
Actions:\par
\par
You can add functionality to the hover actions (e.g., adding a product to the cart, or toggling a favorite state). You can manage the state for these actions using React hooks like useState.\par
\b\par
\b0 1. User Registration:\par
User signs up:\par
User inputs their information (name, email, password, etc.) on the registration page.\par
Form validation and error handling are performed on the frontend.\par
The data is then sent to the backend (Next.js API route or server) via an API call.\par
Data is stored in Sanity CMS:\par
The backend sends the registration data to Sanity CMS or a custom database to store the user\rquote s information.\par
Confirmation sent to the user:\par
Upon successful registration, a confirmation email is sent to the user, including a verification link or a welcome message.\par
2. Product Browsing:\par
User views product categories:\par
The user navigates to the product browsing section of the site, where they can filter by categories, prices, or other attributes.\par
Sanity API fetches data:\par
The frontend (Next.js pages/components) makes an API request to Sanity CMS (or any external API) to retrieve product data such as images, descriptions, prices, and available stock.\par
Products displayed on frontend:\par
The fetched product data is displayed on the website in product cards (like in your FeaturedProducts component), sorted according to the user\rquote s preferences (e.g., by category, price, or featured status).\par
3. Order Placement:\par
User adds items to the cart:\par
As the user browses products, they can add items to their shopping cart. The cart is managed via React state or a global state management tool (e.g., Redux or Context API).\par
User proceeds to checkout:\par
Once the user is ready, they can proceed to the checkout page, where they review their order and input necessary details (e.g., shipping address, payment method).\par
Order details saved in Sanity:\par
After the user confirms their order, the order details (items, total price, shipping address, etc.) are saved in Sanity CMS or a backend database.\par
Order confirmation (with an order number) is displayed to the user, and an email with the order details is sent to them.\par
4. Shipment Tracking:\par
Order status updates fetched via 3rd-party API:\par
The backend can integrate with a shipment tracking API (like UPS, FedEx, or other 3rd-party services) to track the order\rquote s shipment status.\par
Every time the shipment status is updated (e.g., "shipped", "in transit", "delivered"), the new information is fetched and stored.\par
Shipment status displayed to the user:\par
The frontend regularly fetches the latest shipment status from the backend or 3rd-party API and displays it on the user\rquote s order details page, so the user can track their shipment in real-time\b .\par
\par
Extended Example Workflow:\par
1. User Registration Workflow:\par
Frontend: User fills out a registration form.\par
Frontend API call: The registration data is sent to the backend (Next.js API route).\par
Backend: Validates the data and stores it in Sanity CMS (or a database).\par
Sanity CMS/Database: Stores user details (name, email, etc.).\par
Email Service: Sends a confirmation or welcome email to the user.\par
2. Product Browsing Workflow:\par
Frontend: User browses product categories (e.g., chairs, tables, etc.).\par
Sanity API: Fetches products from Sanity CMS (or any other API).\par
Frontend: Displays products dynamically in a responsive grid layout (using your FeaturedProducts component).\par
3. Order Placement Workflow:\par
Frontend: User adds products to the cart.\par
Frontend State Management: The cart state is updated.\par
Frontend: User proceeds to checkout and enters shipping/payment details.\par
Sanity CMS/Database: Order details are saved, including product items, quantity, shipping address, total price.\par
Frontend: Displays order confirmation to the user with order number.\par
Email Service: Sends an order confirmation email to the user.\par
4. Shipment Tracking Workflow:\par
Frontend: User checks the status of their order.\par
Backend: Fetches tracking details from a 3rd-party shipping API (like UPS, FedEx).\par
Frontend: Displays real-time shipment tracking status (e.g., \ldblquote shipped\rdblquote , \ldblquote in transit\rdblquote , \ldblquote delivered\rdblquote ).\par
Diagram Representation:\par
plaintext\par
Copy\par
Edit\par
[Frontend (Next.js)] \par
    |     |       |        |\par
    V     V       V        V\par
[Sanity CMS]   [Email Service]   [3rd-Party APIs (e.g., Shipment API)]\par
Detailed Workflow with Components:\par
User Registration:\par
\par
RegistrationForm -> API Route (POST /register) -> Sanity CMS -> Email Service\par
Product Browsing:\par
\par
ProductPage -> Sanity API (GET /products) -> FeaturedProducts\par
Order Placement:\par
\par
CartPage -> Cart Context -> CheckoutPage -> API Route (POST /order) -> Sanity CMS\par
Shipment Tracking:\par
\par
OrderStatusPage -> Backend (GET /shipment-status) -> 3rd-Party API (Shipment API) -> Frontend\par
\b0\par
1. API Requirements\par
Endpoint Name: /products\par
Method: GET\par
Description: Fetch all available products from Sanity.\line Endpoint Name: /product/\{id\}\par
Method: GET\par
Description: Fetch a specific product's details from Sanity by product ID.\par
Endpoint Name: /orders\par
Method: POST\par
Description: Create a new order in Sanity.\par
Method: GET\par
Description: Fetch details of a specific order by order ID from Sanity.\par
\par
Endpoint Name: /shipment/\{order_id\}\par
Method: GET\par
Description: Track order shipment status via a third-party API (e.g., UPS, FedEx).\par
Endpoint Name: /payment\par
Method: POST\par
Description: Handle payment processing for an order (e.g., integrating with a payment provider like Stripe, PayPal).\par
\line\b API Documentation Summary:\par
/products: Fetches all product details.\par
/product/\{id\}: Fetches details of a specific product by its ID.\par
/orders: Creates a new order.\par
/order/\{order_id\}: Fetches a specific order's details by its ID.\par
/shipment/\{order_id\}: Fetches shipment tracking information for a specific order.\par
/payment: Processes payment for an order.\par
}
 